.\" Copyright (C) 2009 Sony Computer Entertainment Inc.
.\" Copyright 2009 Sony Corp.
.\"
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; version 2 of the License.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.Dd ""
.Dt pb-discover 8
.Os
.\"
.Sh NAME
.\" ====
.Nm pb-discover
.Nd The dynamic device discovery daemon of the Petitboot bootloader
.\"
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.\" ========
.Nm
.Op Fl a, -no-autoboot
.Op Fl h, -help
.Op Fl l, -log Ar log-file
.Op Fl n, -dry-run
.Op Fl V, -version
.\"
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.\" ===========
pb-discover maintains a dynamic list of boot options available to
the system.  On startup, the petitboot user interface clients connect to
pb-discover daemon and receive boot option information.
.\"
.Sh OPTIONS
.\" =======
.Bl -tag -width indent
.\"
.It Fl a, -no-autoboot
Disable the autoboot feature.
.\"
.It Fl h, -help
Print a help message.
.\"
.It Fl l, -log Ar log-file
Log messages to the file
.Ar log-file .
The default log is a file /var/log/petitboot/pb-discover.log.  New messages are
appended to an existing log file.
.\"
.It Fl d, -dry-run
Do not execute any commands.  For testing.
.\"
.It Fl V, -version
Display the program version number.
.El
.Sh SEE ALSO
.\" ========
.Xr petitboot 8 , Xr petitboot-nc 8 , Xr petitboot-twin 8 , Xr pb-event 8
.\"
.Sh REPORTING BUGS
.\" ==============
Send bug reports to Geoff Levand <geoff @ infradead.org>
