.\" Copyright (C) 2009 Sony Computer Entertainment Inc.
.\" Copyright 2009 Sony Corp.
.\"
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; version 2 of the License.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.\" Maintainer's Notes:
.\"  * For syntax help see the man pages for 'mdoc' and 'mdoc.samples'.
.\"  * To check syntax use this:
.\"    'groff -C -mtty-char -Tutf8 -man petitboot.8'.
.\"  * To check format use this: 'less petitboot.8'.
.\"
.Dd ""
.Dt petitboot 8
.Os
.\"
.Sh NAME
.\" ====
.Nm petitboot
.Nd The Petitboot bootloader
.\"
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.\" ===========
Petitboot is a platform independent bootloader based on Linux kexec.
Petitboot can load Linux kernel and initrd images from any device that
can be mounted by Linux, and can also load images from the network
using the
HTTP, HTTPS, NFS, SFTP, and TFTP
protocols.
.Pp
Petitboot looks for bootloader configuration files on mountable devices
in the system, and can also be configured to use boot information
from a DHCP server.
.\"
.Sh SEE ALSO
.\" ========
.Xr pb-cui 8 , Xr pb-discover 8 , Xr pb-event 8
