.\" Copyright (C) 2009 Sony Computer Entertainment Inc.
.\" Copyright 2009 Sony Corp.
.\"
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; version 2 of the License.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.Dd ""
.Dt petitboot-twin 8
.Os
.\"
.Sh NAME
.\" ====
.Nm petitboot-twin
.Nd Petitboot twin bootloader UI
.\"
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.\" ========
.Nm
.Op Fl d, -start-daemon
.Op Fl h, -help
.Op Fl l, -log Ar log-file
.Op Fl V, -version
.Op Fl f, -fbdev
.Op Fl x, -x11
.\"
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.\" ===========
petitboot-twin is a twin based interface to the Petitboot bootloader.
.Pp
Petitboot is a Linux kexec based bootloader that supports loading Linux
kernel and initrd images from any device that can be mounted by Linux.
It can also load images from the network using the
HTTP, HTTPS, NFS, SFTP, and TFTP
protocols.
.\"
.Sh OPTIONS
.\" =======
.Bl -tag -width indent
.\"
.It Fl d, -start-daemon
Start pb-discover, the petitboot dynamic device discovery daemon, if it has
not been started.  This option is mainly useful when running petitboot as a
stand-alone application.
.\"
.It Fl h, -help
Print a help message.
.\"
.It Fl l, -log Ar log-file
Log messages to the file
.Ar log-file .
The default log is a file /var/log/petitboot-twin.log.  New messages are
appended to an existing log file.
.\"
.It Fl V, -version
Display the program version number.
.El
.Sh SEE ALSO
.\" ========
.Xr petitboot 8 , Xr pb-twin 8 , Xr pb-discover 8 , Xr pb-event 8
.\"
.Sh REPORTING BUGS
.\" ==============
Send bug reports to Geoff Levand <geoff @ infradead.org>
